add callout to master data pagination guide (#1469)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Master-Data/guides/pagination-in-the-master-data-api.md

For example, `resources=0-100` would return the first 100 documents from index 0 to 99. Note that you are limited to retrieving 100 documents per query.

> >ℹ When paginating, the `_sort` parameter is recommended. The API by itself does not guarantee order, so without a defined `_sort`, documents may return duplicate or not return at the expected page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ℹ When paginating, the `_sort` parameter is recommended. The API does not guarantee a specific order by default; therefore, omitting the `_sort` parameter may lead to duplicate documents or return unexpected pages.
```
